We're now going to create a contact page First we need to create a new app.
So open your terminal and type python managed IPY start app contact
next open tried 10 settings stop you like and add the app titled contact to install installed apps by
typing contact next open tried 10 you are elist up y into line 21 type from profile's import views as
profile underscore views and then Line 22 ad from contact import views as contact underscore views introduce
profile underscore views and contact underscore views to the appropriate you are Ellich
will do this by adjusting for contact in line 28
euro for the contact page is slash contact when the user goes to slash contact.
A request will be sent to a view in the contact app of course called contact.
You are L is also in contact.
We need to create the contact view.
Open contacts views P Y and into line for type def contact request.
Below that context equals locals below that template equals contact.
H DML on the final line return render request template context create a folder in SIRC contact and call
it templates.
In templates save a new file as contact that H-G amount once that's complete.
Open Contact HMO
in your first line.
Type extends based on HMO and then line 3 to 5 will be introducing a new content content block.
With the header contact between
open nav bar HMO
and we're going to adjust for Euro con tact as contact
on to line 17.
Equally be doing this on line 21.
Now that you've finished that save everything.
Open up the terminal and run Python.
Manager.
P Why collect static
run the server and go to the project's home page.
Click on contact the contact pages despite contact is also highlighted on the nav bar.
Now that the contact page is working we're going to make a contact form go to the following Django project
link this page explains the different types of Django form fields we'll be using some of these fields
when we make the contact form to create the contact form first open a new file.
We're going to save this file in C contact as forms.
White
open forum stop P Y and in the first line type from Django import forms and then on line three class
contact form forms dot form.
We've defined a new form called Contact form but you can call it whatever you'd like.
Django handles the forms validation.
We're going to create a few form fields
into line for type name equals forms
care fields required equals false Max underscore length equals 100
help underscore text equals 100 characters Max
on the line below.
Add email equals forms dot email field and in brackets required equals true
Leslie on line 6.
Add comment equals forms dot care field and in brackets required equals true
go to the following Django project.
You are l the right panel.
List the different types of form which is available from the first example on this page.
We're going to use the textarea widget copy widget equals forms that textarea
open contact forms.
P Why
inside the comment care field.
Paste what you copied from the Django you are el
next.
Open Contact views top White the contact form needs to be imported into the view so type from that forms.
Import contact form into line 3
next the view needs to handle the contact form so under def contact request type form equals contact
form and in brackets request post or none.
On July 9 add if form is valid
and lastly on line 10 and print request post
if there is post data and if the form is valid the post out will be printed in the terminal.
Django handles the forms validation.
The form is rendered through the views context.
Open templates.
Contact that HMO.
And under your contact header add the following lines of text
a line 6 AD form method equals post
action Nichol's
line.
You'll be adding input type equals submit value equals submit form.
Class equals ETN ETN Dashti full
because it is considered the best practice.
We put the form inside of an HMO form.
Method equals post.
Means that this form is sending post-edit whatever you are action equals is thing you are or else that
this form will be 1:53 will leave actioned blank because we want this form to be submitted to the contact
you are.
And this form is already at the contact euro.
The C o S R F underscore token prevents cross-site forgery.
All we really need to know is that the C S R F token as required by Django.
It makes the form more secure.
The form is displayed as a paragraph paragraph is a builtin method that renders the form as an aged
him paragraph.
Save everything and go to the contact page.
The contact form is now displayed.
Will eventually use bootstrap to make this form look better.
Test the form out
leave the form itself blank and hit submit form
the form doesn't submit and we're told which fields are required.
Enter an invalid email and submit the form an error message appears.
The message says that the email address is not valid and that we must fill in the required fields put
in a valid email address and then hit submit
open up your terminal.
The post data has been printed.
The post consists of a name email comment and C S or a token
open contact used up.
He y
type in print form.
Cleaned underscore data email into line 10.
Now the posted email address is more neatly displayed.